So after fixing our customers page, let's now also limit the maximum width of our packages right here.
For that, we can simply go back to our customers page and copy this media query right here,
now go to the packages.css file and add the media query at the bottom of the code.
Don't forget to add the closing curly braces right here and now we don't need to select the testimonial
class of course but this time we need the main element right here because this is the wrapping element for
our packages right here.
So with that, we can change testimonial to main like that,
we can actually keep the margin of 3rem to the top and to the bottom,
I don't think this looks bad
and the max width should also be the same that we had for the customers page.
If we now reload, we can see that we have a little bit of a gap up here now because of the margin we added,
the top and bottom margin but I think this looks nice and we can also see that once we hit the 1500
pixels,
so right here, the packages don't increase anymore or don't become any wider.
The problem though is
that we don't have all the borders right here because we actually didn't need these borders when we had this
design but once we see the entire package boxes, well there should be a border to the left to our plus
and premium plan and there should be a border to the right of our free plan.
Additionally, if we hover over our packages, like that,
the borders should also be complete and not be missing, like here to the right side of our free plan.
Now for that purpose, we need to add a second media query now.
Now we also have an application case for this option and this media query should become active once
we hit a width of 1500 pixels, so the maximum width that we defined right here.
So for that, let's copy the entire media query right here,
I think that's the fastest way
and now change 40rem to 1500 pixels.
Again, that's the max width right here.
So as soon as we reach this max width, we need to change certain properties.
Now which properties are that?
Well the first property we need to change is the border left none property right here, because this should
simply be changed to this one right here because that's the normal border we have.
So we will select the package class right here, so this will become .package and get rid of that second
declaration and now simply add border left right, border left and now simply add this code right here.
With that if we go back and reload our page, you can see that the border to the left is now complete
for our plus plan right here
and if we decrease the size, we can see it's not visible and now it becomes visible,
that's really cool.
We also have to do this for the free plan. For that, we can find our free plan right here,
here it is, the border right none, so border right should also become this normal border design.
So let's select, now I forgot the ID selector to be honest,
this one here,
the #free right there, so let's add it like this and now this should be border right
that should be displayed.
Let's copy the same design we had before and if we now reload that page, we can see that we also have
this right border now implemented which looks also a lot better as I would say.
So the last thing we need to fix is now this hover effect. Right here,
it's already implemented because we now added the border
and as we can see right here, we have our border left color defined,
so as soon as we have the border, well we can see this border color once we hover over it.
So the only thing we have to do right now is we have to add this code right here,
simply add it as our third rule maybe
and then did a little bit better like that and also like that
and now this should simply become border
right
color, like that. If we now also indent that a bit maybe, make sure we have a cleaner code, like this and like
that, now it looks better
and if we go back and reload, we can see that we now also fixed our packages page.
We can hover over all these packages,
we have all the borders but once we go back below our 1500 pixel limit, we can see that the hover effect
is only visible for the free borders we can see
and we also don't see the left, the right and the left border right here.
With that, we also finished the packages page and I'm actually quite happy with the responsive design
but there are still two more things that I would like to fix to ensure that we have an as perfect as possible
status for our website and in the next lecture,
I will therefore have another look at the navigation bar because there is something not perfect yet.
Let's see what that is in the next lecture.